[Music]
hey how's it gone
Dave TV here so I'm not a huge fan of
the note series I've often found a
little bit overpriced and the features
that are built into the note line is not
stuff that I personally use I just
prefer personally the regular Galaxy S
line over the note line but debride hit
me up there like hey we got this new
phone in the note 9 we've skinned it it
looks pretty cool and the marble that
you liked you want to check it out I was
like sure but I'd seen the leeks right I
knew that it wasn't gonna be a
particularly exciting phone at least I
thought it wouldn't be and we look at
the specs it's more of an iterative bump
from the previous generation than some
like massive innovative piece of
technology that's normally how the note
line is but this year just felt a little
bit more boring than normal I mean it's
a cool phone looking at the paper specs
but nothing really jumped out to me as
being something like really really
interesting about it at least for me
personally but ever having spent the day
with it it's a pretty cool phone so the
biggest change for me is actually the
battery size this might not affect
everybody but that's a huge bump up
that's like 20% bigger than the note 8
and the other thing is like 4,000
milliamp hour batteries do not exist in
North American phones like we've seen
10,000 or 20,000 milliamp hour batteries
from super-thick phones in Asia but in a
North American phone that's pretty
impressive the other thing I thought was
interesting about this phone was the new
deck so Samsung has had this thing for a
couple years now where you can plug up
your phone to a dock and then you can
use it as a computer and I've always
thought it was kind of useless because
you need a proprietary dock for it and
it just didn't really make sense from a
usability standpoint but this new
version allows you to stick a USBC cable
directly into the phone and that'll pipe
decks onto that screen granted this is
with a USB C enabled monitor but if you
don't have one you can still use a USB C
to HDMI adapter and then you can do the
same kind of thing now in terms of the
actual usability and practicality of
decks it's a lot better now because of a
single cable but I still don't find it a
compelling thing for most people to use
the idea is really cool I gotta admit
that but I mean if you have access to a
note you probably have access to a
laptop or some other computing device
where you can do the same kind of thing
it's neat I'll give it that okay this
thing supposedly has a new thermal
system there call
water carbon cooling which honestly
sounds really gimmicky to me I ran some
quick test between the s9 plus and the
note 9 just off of 3d mark and if this
new water carbon thing is doing anything
it's really slight like both systems
seem to have pretty decent thermals but
maybe because of the fortnight exclusive
of Samsung right now they're trying to
play it up a bit
truthfully when I played for a night on
this it doesn't feel that great like
there's something about the curvature on
the phone that just makes it feel
different from what I'm used to I wasn't
able to play for a night on the raiser
phone yet but just playing any game on
the raiser phone which is a dedicated
gaming phone feels significantly more
comfortable and just more ergonomic I
don't know but fortnight Android that's
what people are here for nowadays right
ok the other thing that they're showing
off pretty heavily was this new pen so
it now has bluetooth support you can
charge it and you can use it as a remote
to control stuff on the phone like you
can use it to control music to take
pictures it's cool it's just not
something that I would use regularly on
a daily basis it's also been upgraded
with massive amounts of storage you can
get up to 512 gigs on this thing
I don't know who's gonna be using that
much but it is available if you want it
now as a whole I feel like this phone
has had some very very like iterative
and just small changes but when you take
a step back and you look at what this
phone is it is really the most powerful
and feature-packed Android phone on the
market right now and that you got to
give Samsung credit for that the phone
looks good the screen looks really good
it's actually quite similar to the s9
plus screen in terms of just image
quality and it's just a well rounded
phone that unfortunately cost $1000 so
this is where not that the phone like
falls apart or anything like but I just
got a pic on that price tag a little bit
I said this last year about the original
thousand-dollar phone the note 8 but I
got to say it again $1000 for any kind
of phone right now is nuts you can get
an S 9 plus or a note 8 which have very
similar usability to the note 9 for like
600 bucks maybe 500 of ego used a
thousand for the note 9 feels it feels
really steep but that says something
about the phone industry right now right
like the fact that the fact that Samsung
is doing this much marketing and this
much work
to promote a phone that is a relatively
minor and iterative change from the
previous generation like this is where
we are right now we have pretty stagnant
like we just that's what the phone
industry is right now minor bumps for a
huge huge increase in price so if you're
someone that's guys price conscious or
value conscience then I would skip this
phone it's a great phone it's the best
Android phone you can get on the market
right now in terms of like features and
stuff but I would still skip it just
because of the price I think next year
when the S 10 launches in the spring
that's gonna be a big bump in tech like
maybe fingerprint readers built into the
screen lots of more innovative stuff
we're just seemingly innovative stuff
this there's no innovation but it's
still the best you can get right now
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs we liked it subs we loved it see
you guys next time